# TERMS AND CONDITIONS

**Last updated: 1 April 2025**

## AGREEMENT TO OUR LEGAL TERMS

We are **glowvitasalon** ('**Company**', '**we**', '**us**', or '**our**').

We operate the services, as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these legal terms (the '**Services**').

You can contact us by:
- **Phone:** 80874 35747
- **Email:** support@glowvitasalon.com

These Legal Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ('**you**'), and glowvitasalon, concerning your access to and use of the Services. You agree that by accessing the Services, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Legal Terms. 

**IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE LEGAL TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SERVICES AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.**

We will provide you with prior notice of any scheduled changes to the Services you are using. The modified Legal Terms will become effective upon posting or notifying you by support@glowvitasalon.com, as stated in the email message. By continuing to use the Services after the effective date of any changes, you agree to be bound by the modified terms.

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

### Our intellectual property

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in the Services (collectively, the '**Content**'), as well as the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the '**Marks**').

Our Content and Marks are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.

The Content and Marks are provided in or through the Services '**AS IS**' for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose only.

### Your use of our Services

Provided that you are eligible to use the Services, you are granted a limited licence to access and use the Services and to download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose.

Except as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, no part of the Services and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

If you wish to make any use of the Services, Content, or Marks other than as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, please address your request to: support@glowvitasalon.com. If we ever grant you the permission to post, reproduce, or publicly display any part of our Services or Content, you must identify us as the owners or licensors of the Services, Content, or Marks and ensure that any copyright or proprietary notice appears or is visible on posting, reproducing, or displaying our Content.

We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Services, Content, and Marks.

Any breach of these Intellectual Property Rights will constitute a material breach of our Legal Terms and your right to use our Services will terminate immediately.

### Your submissions

By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to submit content and that your submissions comply with our policies.

## PURCHASES AND PAYMENT

We accept the following forms of payment:
- Visa
- Mastercard
- American Express
- Discover
- PayPal
- Razorpay

You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Services. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Sales tax will be added to the price of purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be in Rupes.

You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees, and you authorise us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon placing your order.

We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Services. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgement, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.

## DISCLAIMERS

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES' CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS LINKED TO THE SERVICES AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY:

1. ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS
2. PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES
3. ANY UNAUTHORISED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN
4. ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES
5. ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY
6. ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES

WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGEMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.

## CONTACT US

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at:

**Phone:** 80874 35747  
**Email:** support@glowvitasalon.com
